$NetBSD: CHANGES-pkgsrc-2019Q3,v 1.1.2.16 2019/12/16 13:52:39 bsiegert Exp $

Changes to packages and infrastructure on the pkgsrc-2019Q3 branch:

Pullup ticket #6061 - requested by rillig
pkgtools/url2pkg: bugfix

Pullup ticket #6062 - requested by he
net/unbound: security fix

Pullup ticket #6063 - requested by tron
net/mtr: Solaris build fix

Pullup ticket #6064 - requested by taca
lang/ruby24-base: security fix

Pullup ticket #6065 - requested by taca
lang/ruby25-base: security fix

Pullup ticket #6066 - requested by taca
lang/ruby26-base: security fix

Pullup ticket #6067 - requested by agc
security/netpgpverify: build fix

Pullup ticket #6068 - requested by nia
devel/libgit2: security fix

Pullup ticket #6069 - requested by maya
security/sudo: security fix

Pullup ticket #6070 - requested by maya
net/bind914: security fix

Pullup ticket #6071 - requested by taca
devel/py-distro: dependent addition
security/py-certbot: bugfix

Pullup ticket #6072 - requested by nia
textproc/aspell: security fix

Pullup ticket #6073 - requested by ast
www/nostromo: security fix

Pullup ticket #6074 - requested by taca
www/ruby-loofah: seucurity fix

Pullup ticket #6075 - requested by taca
lang/php72: security fix

Pullup ticket #6076 - requested by taca
lang/php73: security fix

Pullup ticket #6077 - requested by taca
lang/php71: security fix

Pullup ticket #6078 - requested by nia
misc/libreoffice: build fix

Pullup ticket #6082 - requested by nia
audio/faac: security fix

Pullup ticket #6085 - requested by wiz
graphics/ImageMagick: security fix

Pullup ticket #6086 - requested by bouyer
sysutils/xenkernel411: security fix

Pullup ticket #6080 - requested by bouyer
geography/opencpn: build fix

Pullup ticket #6083 - requested by leot
lang/go112: security update
lang/go: update available version

Pullup ticket #6087 - requested by nia
sysutils/bchunk: security fix

Pullup ticket #6089 - requested by bouyer
geography/opencpn-plugin-draw: build fix (incomplete commit)

Pullup ticket #6090 - requested by nia
www/firefox68: security fix

Pullup ticket #6091 - requested by leot
shells/tcsh: bugfix

Pullup ticket #6093 - requested by he
net/unbound: security fix

Pullup ticket #6094 - requested by tm
databases/phpmyadmin: security fix (CVE-2019-18622)

Pullup ticket #6095 - requested by morr
net/haproxy: security fix

Pullup ticket #6096 - requested by bouyer
sysutils/xenkernel411: security fix

Pullup ticket #6098 - requested by leot
graphics/jbig2dec: correct license

Pullup ticket #6099 - requested by leot
devel/git: security fix (update to 2.23.1)

Pullup ticket #6100 - requested by hauke
www/davical: security fix

Pullup ticket #6101 - requested by nia
converters/fribidi: security fix

Pullup ticket #6102 - requested by nia
devel/libgit2: security fix

Pullup ticket #6104 - requested by bouyer
sysutils/xenkernel411, sysutils/xentools411: security fix

